DOCSP-46320: Interact & model landing pages (#13)
mongodb/docs-django: source/index.txt

.. toctree::

    Model Your Data </model-data>
    Interact with Data </interact-data>
    Issues & Help </issues-and-help>
    Compatibility </compatibility>
    API Documentation <{+api+}>

.. TODO:
   Get Started </get-started>
   Connection Configuration </connect>
   Django Feature Limitations </feature-limitations>
   
.. warning:: Public Preview

>    {+django-odm+} is in Public Preview and available for evaluation purposes.
>    Public Preview is not recommended for production deployments, as breaking changes
>    may be introduced.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
   {+django-odm+} is in Public Preview and intended for evaluation purposes only.
   Public Preview is not recommended for production deployments, as breaking changes
   may be introduced.
```
